Hahahaha
Tianmen is my lower nerve
Keep me safe
You look like a dog and dare to say that you broke in
I'm disappointed in you.
You pretend to be face
Even dare to tell such a rebellious lie
Since you said that the gate of heaven was created by you
Then you should be as rich as any other country in the world
Do you want a congratulatory gift?
You can't be poor without a congratulatory gift, can you?
I told you so.
I can come to the Dragon Gate Banquet
This is the greatest glory of the Dragon Gate Banquet
I think you are poor and have no money to prepare congratulatory gifts
In fact, I have prepared a generous gift for you
But now it seems
You are not qualified
Another lie.
You said you had a congratulatory gift with empty hands
You really let me down.
Jin Jiao, do you think this pauper
Does he have money to prepare congratulatory gifts?
My congratulations will be monastic later
But you keep barking here.
It annoys me.
Kid, open your dog eyes and see
You know what this is?
Night Pearl Bar
You hillbilly
This is no ordinary sight.
This is the night pearl of the deep sea
Worth millions
This is Chenjia Chongbao Deep Sea Night Pearl
I heard it's a Western-style treasure
Someone wanted to buy it from the Chen family for 30 million
But the Chen family doesn't sell it.
I didn't expect the Chen family to send it out this time
Just such a broken stone
You also have the face to say that it is peace
Forever You
The World Chamber of Commerce is the joy of the Helin family
Special offering of the Warring States bronze sacrifice sword
A thousand-year-old snow lotus
One Dahan gold seal
A thousand-year-old golden silk Nan angry Jinhe